Chris joke thanks for joints on the
player diary find one of the series I'm
captors on behind you Chris I mean it go
what was it feeling once the lads yeah
it's good he was more just trying to
stay relaxed we've been together for
about eight weeks now so everyone out of
shape and the detail and all that kind
of stuff and it's just about now
switching off early afternoon notch not
playing the game too early and doing the
recovery kind of protocol stuffs all
things is going around she say to
disclose to the game when you're the
captors run jacked not much really Steve
he tends to let the players just take
the lead now as what happens in a test
week do a lot of the work on the Monday
Tuesday and then Chris and and the other
leaders in the team tend to take charge
of training in and the in a mindset of
the team it's quite now behind you took
and what you're hoping for some way from
the crowd I think it's going to be
pretty amazing coming out here I think
everyone knows what's on the line the
excitement of the whole place as you can
see they're putting out a lot of white
and red flags and banners and all that
stuff to make extra kind of patriotic so
I think it's going to be a special
occasion important you can show the
crowd spinning some of this and the
games you had he recently i think in
crowds huge particularly for a type 5
forward who tends to struggle on the the
aerobic fitness front and a lift from
the crowd and here in swing by on that
really you know kicks you a little bit
all right okay i'll keep going it you
know so to have that support will be
great tomorrow specific times you felt
the crowd down on the pic anything any
instances where it's really lifted you a
lot of the time it's when you're you're
struggling or you've been defending for
a minute two minutes or so or you're
attacking you and align it really does
spur you on when you're on the floor
you've made a tackle or something it
allows you to get up a little bit
quicker did you have that energy behind
you and I think times are out it's valid
for the team and really important you
lifted a trophy here in 2012 with
Quinn's taking bites that day was that
like celebrating front of the crowd
Bester my life except for when I had my
son chris is better with the words at
that well you lifted the trophy Chris
you might list another one hopefully
tomorrow walls that day like in 2012 it
started a similar way as we kind of
walked across with Rosa Rosa people and
I think the way that the fans have been
out there
I think as a key kind of grown-up you
look at it and used to watch them the
team's walk through it so to be there
walking through and see their kind of
thousands people around you it doesn t
get you going and you really you really
appreciate who you kind of going out
there and playing for and so you have to
be here and hopefully listen something
at the end will will be extra special
for you mind me dan you just sat in
front of the ton before you walk out I
think when you get to there is he
enjoyable part of the week she's done
all the media and the enjoyable stuff
like this he's done me appearances
you've done all the training he's done
this and he's done that and as a player
that's what you want to do you wanna go
out and play rugby and I think to do it
there in front of her you come to a
venue like this in front of a great
crowd as well it's what it's about about
see you in the line Joe and he's
standing next to him what you thinking
about I don't know it varies sometimes I
am particularly looking forward to to
Dan Cole leading the team out tomorrow
that's what he's not captain he's just
leading the team out because he's his
50th game I think that would be good I
think we should leave him out there yeah
a couple of minutes a long time so you
can really soak in the atmosphere he's a
bit worried about what to do when he
actually runs out why himself every wave
so every kicks the ball yeah we should
you know right out do a drop goal to the
old know is there'll be royalty tomorrow
maybe it's Harry's hair Yanks eye
contact with you know the prince hello
Harry what I spoken to week them both oh
yeah the best actually how can
everything yeah you did you even know if
dan isn't it your your base dungeon can
you put into words what it meets get 50
50 caps yeah it's incredible for man
who's actually quite young although you
probably wouldn't think so yes
tremendous achievements out before its
time yeah Amy out is yeah but yeah a
great achievement anyone who gets to
that level is has been there and done it
and I think you look at the games he's
played and and what is actually done in
the game it's pretty pretty unique and
credit to him and it's a great day for
human and everyone involved funny Joe
what you do between now and the game to
make sure in the right place come five
o'clock tomorrow well my roots are
tomorrow will be a lot of food driven
sessions you're actually holding me up
from going to lunch now and then just
chill you know that you do most of hard
work in the week and gameday takes care
itself it's like Chris said it's the
enjoyable part of the week